docs: document usage of middlewareModule with Magento 2 integration (#1520)
vuestorefront/magento2: docs/content/2.getting-started/3.supported-features.md

This page lists the Magento 2 features supported by this integration.

:::tip API Reference

> You can find all available SAPCC module methods, their description and examples in the [API Reference](/integrations/magento/api/magento-api).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can find descriptions and examples for all of the available SAPCC module methods in the [API Reference](/integrations/magento/api/magento-api).
```
